out here by Canal Street there is one
world trade I'm here in God's honor
today I want you guys to be prepared for
today
right now I am at a place called best
friends best friends best friends they
basically help shelters afford like free
rent for their animals in this beautiful
space and then they basically run super
aggressive adoption campaign
so we're kicking off the day with
adorable kitties and puppies and then
later we're going to New York City from
a helicopter and then also a special
guest it's just a welcome to New York
they look like us yes I know
this please amazing so lovely have you
been enjoying New York so far yeah
coloring your fur no that's good
[Music]
probably never have a pet here in New
York City thank you Miss Mikey
[Music]
okay so this is my new BFF
on that take you home with me I wish I
crevices reminds me of Sophia Sophia
might have back in text file that cat
right there is living his life
that's one down society's only national
that's focused on ending the killing of
animals in shelters drumming sadly 5500
911 killed everyday because they don't
have an Italian Tribeca good adventure
Soho
Oh oh-ho Yolo here we have to fill out
before a helicopter right so we're not
sure what this is I guess I should try
it here goes I mean do you just scoop it
like you just give it a snap hey-oh all
right sorting that's good
basically a tomato
[Music]
just announced the new 360 camera you
played around with it you like it it's
the first time oh oh this is a big deal
oh oh this is exciting
we're going to get some amazing 360
helicopter New York dude all right we
have arrived I am here at the hangar the
fly niya and Hagar we are going to go up
in about 30 minutes the nerves are going
just a little bit just a little bit
nervous
just a little I feel like once you choke
out of an airplane like you shouldn't be
nervous about helicopters but this is
the doors offshore so that means our
feet are going to be dangling out
clearly I should take off my shoes cuz
slip ons are a no-go interesting once we
get home the filters yeah yeah yeah fun
fact when I skydived I skydived with
slip on sandals
and as I was going to go jump out of the
airplane they were falling off so I had
to freak out and take them off like two
seconds before I jumped out so I jumped
out of an airplane barefoot yeah and now
I'm about to ride in a doorless
totally copter yes Griffin just saying
how are you feeling I don't know always
they drive over here okay yeah all of
our stuff is ticking over like the
entire we just have so many cameras I'm
bringing out the Sony a7 - and then this
one RX 105 Justine has the a 6500 the
new Samsung 360 and then the GoPro and
we both have our iPhones or you bring up
the SAS method so yeah listen somewhere
just in case just in just in case so
this is how Justin and I walk down the
streets of New York or LA this is how we
keep all of our camera gear intact
because when you're vlogging you got to
get the shot Oh think about it oh my
gosh maybe we could like invest in
something as fashionable can probably be
without first yeah
yes captain oh yeah I know so I got my
socks that I just got from best friend
the puppy place that we went to earlier
today good thing they gave us a swag bag
with socks and you know shirt I would
have to go barefoot and y'all don't want
to see my toes who wants to see my toes
no one rollin strong great we're all
married that's where we're headed for oh
we got a little Chloe
I'm still doing so you're here we're
taking off right now here we go
[Music]
oh my gosh I was incredible very wind
blows but incredible washing up again I
was one of the coolest experiences of my
life I think that was like their I say
cooler than skydiving guide I think I
was just scared of dying
this I enjoyed every single second the
most unreal part was the Statue of
Liberty we got so close to the Statue of
Liberty I felt like I could reach out
and touch it
at Empire State the Empire State is my
building it's like my jam so to be that
close to it is unreal
Thanks hashtag blind eye on hashtag by
man Yes Bank Jesse where'd you think of
it oh my goodness
Oh yo yo yo I want to do it in our own
home yeah actually look at it yeah so
much fun it was so cool
I imagine it was way more scared on
takeoff cuz I didn't know what to expect
and one for O'Hara was great it was on a
real horrible
well today was amazing I got a free like
blowout he's not what they call it right
the holiday okay
it was amazing I've never seen New York
like that so I'm gonna be back tomorrow
and the next day and every day from here
on out and there's a cute coffee here oh
[Applause]
it epic I'm curious to see all the
footage adjusting guys oh I think we're
over are over here so much epicness went
down tonight
I am very intrigued about your 360
footage it's going to be weird I think I
think it's going to be epic
okay I'm sure all of you guys know who
just seems
but she does the tech she does
everything you just cooking you do flog
a little so much stuff so check her out
I hope to hang will put up the drum
mariya that like the way I have an
inline York it might be a little bit of
a letdown if we go and fly drones after
this that's true I was not doing I
wonder that I'm uploading a video right
now that YouTube lives but yeah good
hang
yes you feel yes yes yes and I'll see ya
especiall a New York see chillin la
explore everywhere
so guys stay peachy okay
[Music]